# Content
This folder contains binary firmware that used to:

- Use AT command to evaluate OPL1000 functions

How to use these binary file and complete firmware pack, download operation, please refer document "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. 

[Note]

1. The function of AT and APS serial ports were conversed. That is, AT port would act as APS port, and vice versa. 

# File list and brief description  
1. opl1000_at.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware file that supports AT command.It is packed by m3.bin (generated by compiling app project) and opl1000_m0.bin.  
2. opl1000_at_ext_ldo.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware file that supports AT command. It works with devkits using  external LDO power supply. It is packed by m3.bin (generated by compiling app project) and opl1000_m0_ldo.bin.  

[Note] 

1. In order to understand AT command. Please refer document "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. 
2. OPL1000 hardware setting is different when adopt different power supply method. Hence user shall choose opl1000_m0.bin or opl1000_m0_ldo.bin according to hardware design scheme. 
3. When user develops own application, M3 binary will be created by user. And it shall be packed with M0 binary file.  

